***find out how Google Maps turns an address into Latitude and Longitude coordinates
***figure out how to navigate from PreviewActivity to PostFragment using intents.
	Make sure user fills out all fields before being allowed to either post or preview (pics optional?)

FINAL PROJECT TO DO LIST:
BY BRANCH:

GOOGLE-MAPS: 
	Work on finding out how a user will supply the app with coordinates that will be 
	stored on Firebase, and then displayed on Google Maps or on a cardview when a user's 
	search matches the post's criteria. 

	DONE*Get rid of the multiple user location markers that appear

WIRE-FRAME DESIGN: 
	Create PreviewActivity layout. User previews their post here.
	PreviewActivity will send user back to MainActivity when post is complete.
	Connect navigation of all activities together.
		Tapping search with Keywords entered should take user to a KeySearchActivity (containing a Recycler-View of cards)
		Tapping search with a Day of the Week entered should filter the map by that Day
		Tapping search with a Location entered should navigate the map to the location that the user specified

CARD-LAYOUT:
	Used for Recycler-View which is used for the Keyword search. Searching specific keywords queries
	the title and description and all posts that match will be populated in the Recycler-View
	(pictures?)

RECYCLER-VIEW:
	Holds the cardview, used for searching keywords

FIREBASE:
	Create a database that holds a title, description, location, and date on Firebase and connect it to your app (pictures?)

DATABASE-SETUP: (Making it possible for users to store data that can then be queried by other users)
	Design a class with getters and setters for title, desc, location, and date.

LOCATION-SEARCH-FUNC:
	Figure out how to enter a city in an edittext which would update the map to animate the camera to that city

DAY-SEARCH-FUNC:
	This search should filter the posts by day on the map

KEYWORD-SEARCH-FUNC:
	This involves the Recylcer-View and Cardview. Hitting search will take you to a recycler view with a list of cards of user posts.

KEYWORD-SEARCH-TOOLBAR:
	Make the icon in the toolbar search for keywords (or have a spinner drop down by day?)

TOOLBAR-SETTINGS:
	Create settings for app here. Create a SettingsActivity?

MULTIPLE-DEVICES:
	Create landscape view and tablet view

OTHERS:
-(Making garage sale data into map markers that populate the map)
-(Dealing with Images)
-(Firebase chat functionality?)
-(Localization functionality?)
-(ListView of garage sale items that selling user can edit (add/remove) as theyre being sold. It should update with Firebase in realtime




